Init lab (#1)
srl-labs/srl-evpn-mh-lab: README.md

#  L2 EVPN Multi-homing Lab

> This lab gives you a pre-configured SR Linux-based fabric to experiment L2 EVPN multi-homing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This lab sets up a pre-configured SR Linux-based fabric to experiment with L2 EVPN multi-homing.

See [L2 EVPN Multihoming](LINK TBD) tutorial for an guided tour over this lab and multihoming concepts.
```
